Clarifications of stored-definition (#3588)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/packages.tex

\subsection{Single File Mapping}\label{mapping-a-package-class-hierarchy-into-a-single-file-nonstructured-entity}\label{single-file-mapping}

> When mapping a package or class-hierarchy to a file (e.g., the file \filename{A.mo}), the file content shall match \lstinline[language=grammar]!stored-definition! in the grammar.

Reviewer: What is class-hierarchy if it is not a package? And also is it class-hierarchy or class hierarchy?

Author: This is a class hierarchy which not a package:
```
model A
  record R
  end R;
  R r;
end A;
```

This is the only occurrence of hyphened _class-hierarchy_, so it should clearly be spaced.  I'll fix.

> In this case, the \lstinline[language=grammar]!stored-definition! shall only define a single class with name (here, \lstinline!A!) matching the name of the nonstructured entity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this case, the \lstinline[language=grammar]!stored-definition! shall only define a single class with a name (here, \lstinline!A!) matching the name of the nonstructured entity.
```
I think the indefinite article should be used here.

Reviewer 2: @henrikt-ma do you agree with the suggested change?

Author: No, my non-English ears don't like the presence of _a_ here.  When _a_ is there, I get the impression that the class could have any number names, but without _a_ I get the impression that it is a given that every class has a name.

Author: This was settled in a later conversation.  Resolving.

> In this case, the \lstinline[language=grammar]!stored-definition! shall only define a single class with name (here, \lstinline!A!) matching the name of the nonstructured entity.

Reviewer 2: So, what about:
```suggestion
In this case, the \lstinline[language=grammar]!stored-definition! shall only define a single class whose name (here, \lstinline!A!) matches the name of the nonstructured entity.
```

Author: Yes, that sounds better to me.  Applying.

Author: By the way, @eshmoylova, did this sound like an improvement of language to you?
